docs: shouldCloseOnSelect, interactOutsideBehavior, and new viewport css vars (#9855)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/dev/s2-docs/pages/react-aria/RangeCalendar.mdx

</RangeCalendar>
```

## Interact outside behavior

> Use the `interactOutsideBehavior` prop to control what happens when a range selection is in progress and the user interacts outside the calendar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `interactOutsideBehavior` prop to control what happens when a range selection is in progress and the user interacts outside the available dates.
```
